📝 add information about the ui test apk architecture (#4481)
toggl/mobileapp: docs/running-android-ui-tests.md

- Store password: `android`
- Key password: `android`

> **⚠ Notice:** The debug binary by default only support ARM architecture, so you must either:

Reviewer: Please use the `:warning:` instead of the Unicode emoji 🙇 
```suggestion
**:warning: Notice:** The debug binary, by default, only supports the ARM architecture, so you must either:
```
